The President:
Hi, everybody.
Over the past few months, I've
laid out a series of commonsense
ideas to reignite the true
engine of our economic growth:
a rising, thriving middle class.
The way I see it, there
are three areas where we
need to focus.
One: making America a
magnet for good jobs.
Two: making sure our workers have the education and skills
they need to do those jobs.
And three: making sure your hard work leads to a decent living.
I've also been visiting cities
across the country that are
doing some interesting
and creative things
along these lines.
So on Friday, for example,
I stopped by a factory in
Baltimore that's creating good jobs here at home by exporting
dredging equipment abroad.
I read with young kids
at a pre-K program,
where kids are getting a head
start learning the skills
they need to succeed in life.
And I stopped by a program
that's helping folks in tough
circumstances -- especially
low-income dads --
get the training and guidance
they need to find work and
support their families.
That's why I like getting out
of the Washington echo chamber
whenever I can --
because too often,
our politics aren't focused
on the same things you are.
Working hard.
Supporting your family and
supporting your community.
Making sure your kids
have every chance in life.
More than anything, the American
people make me optimistic about
where we're headed as a nation.
Especially after all we've
been through during the past
several years.
And that should encourage us
all to work even harder on the
issues that matter to you.
In a little over three years,
our businesses have created more
than 6.5 million new jobs.
And while our unemployment
rate is still too high,
it's the lowest it's
been since 2008.
But now we need to create even
more good, middle-class jobs,
and we've got to do it faster.
Corporate profits have
skyrocketed to an all-time high.
But now we need to get
middle-class wages and incomes
rising, too.
Our housing market is healing.
But we need to do a lot more
to help families stay in their
homes, or to help them
refinance to take advantage of
historically low rates.
And our deficits -- well,
they're shrinking at the fastest
rate in decades.
But now we've got to budget in
a smarter way that doesn't hurt
middle-class families or
harm critical investments in
our future.
So in a lot of sectors,
things are looking up.
The American auto
industry is thriving.
American energy is booming.
And American ingenuity in
our high tech sector has the
potential to change the way
we do almost everything.
In the coming weeks, I'm going
to visit more cities like
Baltimore, and Austin, Texas
-- where I was two weeks ago;
places where Americans are
coming together to strengthen
their own communities and economies -- and in the process,
making this country
better for all of us.
And I'm going to keep trying
to work with both parties in
Washington to make progress
on your priorities.
Because I know that if we come
together around creating more
jobs, educating
more of our kids,
and building new ladders of
opportunity for everyone who's
willing to climb them --
we'll all prosper, together.
Thanks.
And have a great weekend.